welcome to the spark Premier League of
the pulse of competition in our 2d world
beats fastest during the SPL the best
players come to prove the rising talent
comes to dethrone the old guard and the
rest come for their shot at one moment
of glory
you
on sparc clans hinge on the SPL some
plants disband some reform some awaken
from connectivity to have a chance in
winning all clans must be in top form
in 2010 the SPL staff is as dedicated as
ever to bringing you the best experience
possible sparkers here are your 2010 SPL
clans tbwa
see ad
you act
violent
Sen
TC
mmm
sick
eh oh eh
our s
nah
you
good luck to all participants thanks for
watching and we are proud to unveil the
2010s PL website
you